Hahaha, there is no need to take a broken card.
Hmm, that's not right.
Supreme Black Card
This card
It can only be in the hands of Wanhui Chang of the Huaxin Chamber of Commerce
Why is it in your hands?
Didn't you say it earlier?
President Wan is his father
This card is not very normal in my hand
true or false?
This black card can be worth hundreds of millions of assets
My old man is quite knowledgeable
Then we don't have to fight
Young master, the old man has no eyes just now
Can you introduce me?
Of course you can.
But
My marriage to Xiaoxue is
Hahaha, look at you child
Xiaoxue willingly marries you
Of course my old man wants to be an adult beauty
that
Am I worthy of Snowy?
worthy, worthy
I want you two to find a good day
Let's get this marriage done
Grandpa, why are you like my dad?
Hahahaha Empress hahahaha